Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass…It’s about learning to dance in the rain.
Enjoy the little things in life because one day you`ll look back and realize they were the big things.
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Life is simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Life’s most persistent and urgent question is, ‘What are you doing for others?
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don’t even deserve to be an issue in your life.
Don’t wait; life goes faster than you think.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
I think being in love with life is a key to eternal youth.
You’re only here for a short visit. Don’t hurry, don’t worry. And be sure to smell the flowers along the way.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
All of life is peaks and valleys. Don’t let the peaks get too high and the valleys too low.
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it’s all that matters.
I enjoy life when things are happening. I don’t care if it’s good things or bad things. That means you’re alive.
Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.
Life doesn’t require that we be the best, only that we try our best.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.
The truth is you don’t know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don’t even deserve to be an issue in your life.
Don’t wait; life goes faster than you think.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Life isn’t a matter of milestones, but of moments.
It is not the years in your life but the life in your years that counts.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Everybody wants happiness, nobody wants pain, but you can’t have a rainbow without a little rain.


