I am happiest when I’m right next to you.
My night has become a sunny dawn because of you.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
You may hold my hand for a while, but you hold my heart forever.
I know I am in love with you, because my reality is finally better than my dreams.
I need you like a heart needs a beat.
Your love is all I need to feel complete.
I will love you until the stars go out, and the tides no longer turn.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
Come live in my heart and pay no rent.
Every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.
You are my song. You are my song of love.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Our Relationship is meant to be. Something that was written in the stars and drawn into our destiny.
The first time you touched me, I knew I was born to be yours.
There are only two times that I want to be with you. Now and Forever.
Nobody has the ability to make me as weightless and carefree as you can.
Loving you never was an option. It was a necessity.
Just when I think that it is impossible to love you any more, you prove me wrong, I love you.
You can’t blame gravity for falling in love.
I have loved you all my life; it has just taken me this long to find you.
When I look into your eyes, I know I have found the mirror of my soul.
Love is when the other person’s happiness is more important than your own.
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you sometimes.
I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
A simple ‘I love you’ means more than money.
Sometimes I can’t see myself when I’m with you. I can only just see you.
Accept my heart and I’ll build you a castle with love as its foundation.
No matter how many fights you may get into, if you truly love someone it should never matter in the end.
I’m much more me when I’m with you.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage.
You don’t marry someone you can live with.you marry the person who you cannot live without.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.
When I tell you I love you, I am not saying it out of habit, I am reminding you that you are my life.
I don’t need paradise because I found you. I don’t need dreams because I already have you.
You are the last thought in my mind before I drift off to sleep and the first thought when I wake up each morning.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
You are my paradise and I would happily get stranded on you for a lifetime.
I can’t stop thinking about you, today... tomorrow... always.